dumpling: merge userguide into docs (#19890)
pingcap/docs: dumpling-overview.md

| `--tidb-mem-quota-query`     | The memory limit of exporting SQL statements by a single line of Dumpling command, and the unit is byte. For v4.0.10 or later versions, if you do not set this parameter, TiDB uses the value of the `mem-quota-query` configuration item as the memory limit value by default. For versions earlier than v4.0.10, the parameter value defaults to 32 GB.  | 34359738368 |
| `--params`                   | Specifies the session variable for the connection of the database to be exported. The required format is `"character_set_client=latin1,character_set_connection=latin1"`                                                                                                                                                           |
|  `-c` or `--compress` |  Compresses the CSV and SQL data and table structure files exported by Dumpling. It supports the following compression algorithms: `gzip`, `snappy`, and `zstd`.  | "" |

> ## Output filename template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Output the filename template
```

Author: I don't think this should be changed

> The `--output-filename-template` argument defines the naming convention for all files, excluding the file extensions. It accepts strings in the [Go `text/template` syntax](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `--output-filename-template` argument defines the naming convention for output files, excluding the file extensions. It accepts strings in the [Go `text/template` syntax](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template/).
```

The following fields are available to the template:

> * `.DB` — database name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `.DB`: the database name
```

> * `.Table` — table name or object name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `.Table`: the table name or the object name
```

> * `.Index` — when a table is split into multiple files, this is the 0-based sequence number indicating which part we are dumping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `.Index`: when a table is split into multiple files, this is the 0-based sequence number indicating which part you are dumping
```

> * `.Index`: the 0-based sequence number of the file when a table is split into multiple files, indicating which part is being dumped

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `.Index`: the 0-based sequence number of the file when a table is split into multiple files, indicating which part is being dumped. For example, `{{printf "%09d" .Index}}` means formatting `.Index` as a 9-digit number with leading zeros.
```

> The database and table names may contain special characters like `/` not acceptable in the file system. Thus, Dumpling also provided a function `fn` to percent-escape these special characters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database and table names might contain special characters such as `/` that is not acceptable in the file system. Thus, Dumpling also provides a function `fn` to percent-escape these special characters:
```

> Database and table names might contain special characters, such as /, that are not allowed in file systems. To handle this, Dumpling provides the `fn` function to percent-encode these special characters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Database and table names might contain special characters (such as `/`) that are not allowed in file systems. To handle this issue, Dumpling provides the `fn` function to percent-encode these special characters:
```

* U+0000 to U+001F (control characters)
* `/`, `\`, `<`, `>`, `:`, `"`, `*`, `?` (invalid Windows path characters)
* `.` (database/table name separator)

> * `-`, if appeared as part of `-schema`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `-`, if used as part of `-schema`
```

> The `--output-filename-template` argument specifies how all files are named, before including the file extensions. It accepts strings in the [Go `text/template` syntax](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template/).
> 
> The following fields are available to the template:
> 
> * `.DB`: the database name
> * `.Table`: the table name or the object name
> * `.Index`: when a table is split into multiple files, this is the 0-based sequence number indicating which part you are dumping
> 
> The database and table names might contain special characters such as `/` that is not acceptable in the file system. Thus, Dumpling also provides a function `fn` to percent-escape these special characters:
> 
> * U+0000 to U+001F (control characters)
> * `/`, `\`, `<`, `>`, `:`, `"`, `*`, `?` (invalid Windows path characters)
> * `.` (database/table name separator)
> * `-`, if used as part of `-schema`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--output-filename-template` argument defines the naming convention for all files, excluding the file extensions. It accepts strings in the [Go `text/template` syntax](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template/).

The following fields are available for the template:

* `.DB`: the database name
* `.Table`: the table name or the object name
* `.Index`: the 0-based sequence number of the file when a table is split into multiple files, indicating which part is being dumped

Database and table names might contain special characters, such as /, that are not allowed in file systems. To handle this, Dumpling provides the `fn` function to percent-encode these special characters:

* U+0000 to U+001F (control characters)
* `/`, `\`, `<`, `>`, `:`, `"`, `*`, `?` (invalid Windows path characters)
* `.` (database or table name separator)
* `-`, if used as part of `-schema`
```

> For instance, using `--output-filename-template '{{fn .Table}}.{{printf "%09d" .Index}}'`, Dumpling will write the table `"db"."tbl:normal"` into files named like `tbl%3Anormal.000000000.sql`, `tbl%3Anormal.000000001.sql`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, using `--output-filename-template '{{fn .Table}}.{{printf "%09d" .Index}}'`, Dumpling will write the table `"db"."tbl:normal"` into files named such as `tbl%3Anormal.000000000.sql`, `tbl%3Anormal.000000001.sql`, and so on.
```

> For instance, using `--output-filename-template '{{fn .Table}}.{{printf "%09d" .Index}}'`, Dumpling will write the table `"db"."tbl:normal"` into files named such as `tbl%3Anormal.000000000.sql`, `tbl%3Anormal.000000001.sql`, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, using `--output-filename-template '{{fn .Table}}.{{printf "%09d" .Index}}'`, Dumpling will write the table `"db"."tbl:normal"` into files named `tbl%3Anormal.000000000.sql`, `tbl%3Anormal.000000001.sql`, and so on.
```

> For example, using `--output-filename-template '{{fn .Table}}.{{printf "%09d" .Index}}'`, Dumpling will write the table `"db"."tbl:normal"` into files named `tbl%3Anormal.000000000.sql`, `tbl%3Anormal.000000001.sql`, and so on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, using `--output-filename-template '{{fn .Table}}.{{printf "%09d" .Index}}'`, Dumpling will write the table `db.tbl:normal` into files named `tbl%3Anormal.000000000.sql`, `tbl%3Anormal.000000001.sql`, and so on. 
```

> Besides the data files, you could also define named templates to replace the file name of the schema files. The default are configuration is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides the data files, you can also define named templates to replace the file name of the schema files. The following table shows the default configurations.
```

> Besides the data files, you can also define named templates to replace the file name of the schema files. The following table shows the default configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to data files, you can define named templates to replace the file name of the schema files. The following table shows the default configurations.
```

> In addition to data files, you can define named templates to replace the file name of the schema files. The following table shows the default configurations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to output data files, you can define `--output-filename-template` to replace file names of the schema files. The following table shows the default configurations.
```

| Name | Content |
|------|---------|
| data | `{{fn .DB}}.{{fn .Table}}.{{.Index}}` |
| schema | `{{fn .DB}}-schema-create` |
| table | `{{fn .DB}}.{{fn .Table}}-schema` |
| event | `{{fn .DB}}.{{fn .Table}}-schema-post` |
| function | `{{fn .DB}}.{{fn .Table}}-schema-post` |
| procedure | `{{fn .DB}}.{{fn .Table}}-schema-post` |
| sequence | `{{fn .DB}}.{{fn .Table}}-schema-sequence` |
| trigger | `{{fn .DB}}.{{fn .Table}}-schema-triggers` |
| view | `{{fn .DB}}.{{fn .Table}}-schema-view` |

> For instance, using `--output-filename-template '{{define "table"}}{{fn .Table}}.$schema{{end}}{{define "data"}}{{fn .Table}}.{{printf "%09d" .Index}}{{end}}'`, Dumpling will write the schema of the table `"db"."tbl:normal"` into the file `tbl%3Anormal.$schema.sql`, and data into the files like `tbl%3Anormal.000000000.sql`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, using `--output-filename-template '{{define "table"}}{{fn .Table}}.$schema{{end}}{{define "data"}}{{fn .Table}}.{{printf "%09d" .Index}}{{end}}'`, Dumpling will write the schema of the table `"db"."tbl:normal"` into a file named `tbl%3Anormal.$schema.sql`, and the data into files `tbl%3Anormal.000000000.sql`, `tbl%3Anormal.000000001.sql`, and so on.
```

> For example, using `--output-filename-template '{{define "table"}}{{fn .Table}}.$schema{{end}}{{define "data"}}{{fn .Table}}.{{printf "%09d" .Index}}{{end}}'`, Dumpling will write the schema of the table `"db"."tbl:normal"` into a file named `tbl%3Anormal.$schema.sql`, and the data into files `tbl%3Anormal.000000000.sql`, `tbl%3Anormal.000000001.sql`, and so on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, using `--output-filename-template '{{define "table"}}{{fn .Table}}.$schema{{end}}{{define "data"}}{{fn .Table}}.{{printf "%09d" .Index}}{{end}}'`, Dumpling will write the schema of the table `db.tbl:normal` into a file named `tbl%3Anormal.$schema.sql`, and write the data into files `tbl%3Anormal.000000000.sql`, `tbl%3Anormal.000000001.sql`, and so on.
```
